

20100209 - <avatar option> the nature of angels, demons and gods has been fairly well explored, but the implications of the avatar option have been hidden within them. the focus of an angel is the soul of its god, the focus of a demon is the soul of its first conquest; neither truly has a soul of its own. a soul that takes on the spirit of an angel or demon by choice is an avatar and would remain under the aegis of the spirit and its source. 

20100209 - <avatar option, apotheosis> to truly master a demon, a soul would have to become the demon's focus in addition to embracing it. the living soul of a demon's host is a minor avatar, while a living soul of a demon's focus is a major avatar. a soul unwillingly subordinate to a foreign spirit is a demonic avatar while a soul willingly subordinate to a foreign spirit is an angelic avatar. a soul superordinate to a foreign spirit is an avatar of the god that is the spirit's source. a true god is the source of its own inspiration, which is to say that it cultivates the potential of its own spirit. 

20091009 - the child of demon-familiar conception option emerges from a conflict between an approach involving the looped overlap and a simple division. as the child of a familiar who is born with the ability to change sexes, the crisis would arise from the character's division and climax in a choice, while the ordeal of the man who is her mother would be presented in contrast, motivating him to push the boy in order to protect the girl. 

20100210 - the ordeal of the man turned familiar is not a one-night affair. there is an arc of several days to several months in which he succumbs to his infection, turns female, is pursued by the demon, is subjected to rape and torture, is impregnated, is finally able to slay the demon, unwittingly driving it to possess the child. during that time, she inflicts her curse upon a man she is forced to fight. this person carries the full weight of the were-woman curse, passing it on to those foolish enough to provoke her or unfortunate enough to be sired by him. one such child becomes the protagonist's protege.   








